Suggested edits and minor updates from full review of the paper. (#347)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: glossary.tex

% software engineering
\newglossaryentry{design-pattern}{name={design pattern},description={general and reusable solution to solve a \ac{SE} problem (often a best practice, or a ``recipe'')}}
\newglossaryentry{static-analysis}{name={static analysis},description={automated procedure to detect software bugs in source code without executing the code}}

> \newglossaryentry{bus-factor}{name={bus factor},description={vulnerability of a project to losing team members - a bus factor of 1 means that only a single team member knows the details of the project and represents a high risk}}

Reviewer: great addition

> \newglossaryentry{bus-factor}{name={bus factor},description={vulnerability of a project to losing team members - a bus factor of 1 means that only a single team member knows the details of the project and represents a high risk}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\newglossaryentry{bus-factor}{name={bus factor},description={vulnerability of a project to losing key and irreplaceable team members - a bus factor of 1 means that already a single such team member vanishing would stall the project's advancement.}}
```

Author: This suggestion got outdated by a previous suggestion to the same line - I've added it manually.

> \newglossaryentry{bus-factor}{name={bus factor},description={vulnerability of a project to losing team members - a bus factor of 1 means that only a single team member knows the details of the project, which represents a high risk}}

Author: Applying suggested update from @knarrff:
```suggestion
\newglossaryentry{bus-factor}{name={bus factor},description={vulnerability of a project to losing key and irreplaceable team members - a bus factor of 1 means that a single such team member vanishing would already stall the project's advancement.}}```
